Proofread kb:runtime:testing (#208)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: v3/docs/03-runtime/k-testing/index.mdx

```rust
fn run_to_block(n: u64) {
	while System::block_number() < n {
		if System::block_number() > 1 {
			ExamplePallet::on_finalize(System::block_number());
			System::on_finalize(System::block_number());
		}
		System::set_block_number(System::block_number() + 1);
		System::on_initialize(System::block_number());
		ExamplePallet::on_initialize(System::block_number());
	}
}
```

`on_finalize` and `on_initialize` are only called from `ExamplePallet` if the pallet trait

> implements the `sr_primitives::traits::{OnInitialize, OnFinalize}` traits to execute the logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
implements the `frame_support::traits::{OnInitialize, OnFinalize}` traits to execute the logic
```

Author: good catch.
